okay hi everybody my name is Andrew I'm
here with my my colleague sander who's
back here I can't see him anymore
here perfect snuck up on me he's a ninja
cool and we're with textile so our
vision is to build a digital wallet for
all of your personal data and we think
the ipfs is what is sort of a missing
ingredient has been a missing ingredient
decentralized storage has been a missing
ingredient to make that happen and in
the future as we become more and more
digital it's going to be more important
that we each own all of our data for the
long-term and so that means things like
encryption decentralization and we call
it a wallet in the in the cryptocurrency
sense because it implies ownership and
this idea of encryption and permissions
our first product on what we're building
this wallet is textile photos you can
find that at textile that photos
essentially does photo backup and
storage on ipfs so every photo you take
on your phone can be encrypted and
stored privately on ipfs or synced to
other devices that you have and it does
decentralized photo sharing similar to
the idea of Instagram but instead of one
unified public thread we have ideas of
shared threads where you invite specific
people that you permission then to see
your posts we're really focused on
building the user interface layer on top
of the decentralized network so this is
this is not implemented yet but these
are the working designs for the future
version of the app you can see on the
Left this is the concept of your wallet
with all of your personal data stored
every photo you're taking just gets
entered into your wallet you could click
on those photos and see are the ideas
that you'll be able to see where they're
stored locally on the decentralized
network or on other devices currently
we're pseudo decentralized right so
where we have this idea of swapping in
file coin when it goes live so that
every user is handling the
the storage of their own data and that
will actually build systems to offset
the cost of you storing your own data so
from a conversation this morning the
idea of open mind type projects where
you can actually use your data to then
get value to store your data so that you
can keep that digital representation of
yourself but anyway this is your wallet
it's social so there's a network
component where this is the ability for
you to invite other people to then view
threads or collaborate on threads and
then on the right is this idea of
threads where you have different themed
places that you're updating and talking
about people's posts we also have the
desktop app maybe so what you're seeing
here is just a pairing of a textile node
which is obviously an ipfs node wrapped
with our application logic and what it's
doing here is pairing with a read on the
desktop node eventually will make
desktop I'm gonna be able to add photos
to it like you would with the photos
application on a map on a Mac but
currently it's just sort of functions as
a bit of redundancy for your photos yeah
one thing I meant to comment too is a
lot of a lot of the underlying
mechanisms for running nodes well so we
run a note on every mobile in every
mobile app and a lot of that work came
from open Bazaar are there open Bazaar
people in the room nice we'd love to
talk to you later love your work and so
a lot of the work was based on that so
thank you very much and yeah and so
mobile mobile ipfs nodes based on open
Bazaar fork a lot of differences now but
originally that work react native mobile
application it's already in beta testing
we have some invites out more invites
coming once we have the ability to
invite people to your your own threads
or create your own
bread's you can check out our code on
textile io some of the challenges that
we're working through right now
decentralized sharing over a mobile
network so the ability to post things in
a mobile environment where you're gonna
almost immediately go offline sharing
data so synchronization and conflict
resolution and those shared threads
decentralized new user referral and
invites is a fun thing that we're
working on right now to make it so you
can invite somebody who's not part of
textile in any sort of user registry but
then also trying to figure out how we
solve user identity backup recovery
things like that we'd love for you to
join the waitlist or let us know and we
can help bump you guys to the top once
we have the next wave of invites and
that's it thank you so identity and
social so I think the synergy for IPL ID
it actually just does representing the
key management and rotation yeah
actually Santa brought up a good thing
to comment here is like right now we're
just so focused on getting this user
interface layer working that a lot of
these pieces were just making work the
first time and at the same time we're
exploring that the right way behind the
scenes to do a lot of that and I'm just
curious like what's your business model
like how do you actually make money as a
company
yeah so I think long term there's a
couple of different ways you could see
that working one would be simple
arbitrage for storage so you use the
network it's easier than running your
own IP FS node but the bigger ideas
would actually be doing things like
utility tokens around personal data so
letting you actually permission parts of
your personal data to then offset the
cost of running the system okay is a
good idea yeah fallaway later
mmm I want to know how do you you know
looking and doing you know uh the base
like my circle or Oracle so do we need
do any what oh I did base by them hope
my stock whole do we need a database do
we need Oracle know how do keep who you
know I didn't okay yes so currently we
do have a centralized user signup and
password there's two mekin there's two
reasons for that one is because we have
a waitlist so it's not open open join
and then the second is that long term we
actually see one of the one of the
functions of our our system will be
doing things like wallet recovery so the
mud puddle problem of the mobile phone
is a challenge that we want to help
solve voluntarily so you could you could
opt in to being part of our database our
Oracle um so you have this problem where
if you so we have this master master
demonic but each thread so each whether
it's a conversation or a photo album
each one of these threads we call them
have their own key pair so you have this
can get this massive list of so we have
this recovery service you can imagine
you know done by the Dropbox or a
textile where
then you only need one Freitas because
you know you have these things where
it's just a terrible user experience
right you have to ask the user to write
down
so trying to figure out how to get
around that
issues that you run into immediately
when you start doing balance thank you
[Applause]